"I was a self made multi-millionaire before I ever got involved in Bitcoin"

"What's YOUR gross annual revenue?"

"If your gross annual revenue is less than a million dollars that means you don't know how to run a successful business"

"Babies are dying in countries around the world, people are starving to death, people are literally dying because of this"

"I love lightning"

"It's Bitcoin Cash get it straight and if you do that again, I'm gonna end the interview because I'm not interested in being insulted!"

"It's not Bcash it's Bitcoin Cash!"

"Please post this so the entire world can see how incredibly rude you are to me!"

"I've never hired a single sock puppet and I don't need to be insulted!"

"No I'm not megatron"

"I think insider trading is a non-crime."

"I await your retraction and apology."

"Good people are here to spread the truth, not to win a popularity contest."

"Mt. Gox is totally fine.", Roger also says "Anybody who has enough information about what's going on in the bitcoin world, you would not buy your bitcoins on Mt. Gox."
"Mt. Gox is totally fine.", Roger also says "Anybody who has enough information about what's going on in the bitcoin world, you would not buy your bitcoins on Mt. Gox."

"I am here to 'apologize'. Even though everything I said when I told you 'Mt. Gox is fine' was true, I am sorry that some of you lost money when it collapsed. Buy ether."

"I've dumped a few hundred BTC for BCC"

"I haven't sold a single Bitcoin for Bitcoin Cash up until yesterday"

"I already had enough money before Bitcoin came along"

"I was already a successful entrepreneur before Bitcoin had ever even been invented"

"No, I’m certainly not anti-selfishness"

"After my release from Lompoc Federal Penitentiary I had to deal with three years of lies, insults, threats, and general harassment by the US Federal probation department."

"Money laundering is not a crime. It's just because certain men with guns don't like what other people are doing with their own money, so they decide it's okay to lock those people in a cage."

"I consider the guys at Mt. Gox my friends.", Roger also says"Gox is the worst-run business in the history of the world."
"I consider the guys at Mt. Gox my friends.", Roger also says"Gox is the worst-run business in the history of the world."

"Bitcoin is amazingly transformative because it's the first time in the entire history of the world in which anybody can now send or receive any amount of money, with anyone else, anywhere on the planet, without having to ask permission from any bank or government."

"Bitcoin is here to stay."

"I like to call myself a voluntaryist. That means that I think that all human interaction should be on a voluntary basis. And that nobody should be able to use force or fraud in any human interaction whatsoever."

